The ADGP_125 repository and the profile of LoganPletcher, the creator of the repository, will be used for this assessment.
01 - The repository will be cloned to the Github folder using the repository URL that is copied in the clipboard, creating a new director
    and foregoing the need to use the mkdir command and the init command.
02 - The directory's status will be checked.
03 - A txt file will be made called newFile.txt.
04 - The txt file will be modified.
05 - The directory's status will be checked again and then the changes to the directory will be added to be staged.
06 - The directory's status will be checked yet again and then commited with a message.
07 - The directory's status will be checked again.
08 - The current remotes and branches will be checked.
09 - The commit will be pushed to the master branch from the origin remote.
10 - The directory's status and the branch logs will be checked.
11 - The newFile.txt's text will be edited online and the changes will be commited.
12 - The master branch will be pulled to the origin remote, the pull command does the same thing as the fetch and merge commands but by
    using only one command.
13 - The newFile.txt file will be edited again in the gitshell, the changes added to be staged, and then removed from being staged.
14 - A new remote called LoganR will be created and a new branch called LoganB will be created.
15 - The current branch will be changed to ther LoganB branch and the newFile.txt will be edited again.
16 - All the changes will be added for staging, the changes will be committed, and the commit pushed from LoganR to LoganB.
17 - A pull request will be made with the base being set to LoganB and the compare being set to master, and the request name will be 
    "Request 1".
18 - The merge will be accepted by clicking the merge button.
19 - The directory will be changed back to the master branch.
20 - The status of the directory will be checked and then the online master branch will be pulled to the origin remote.
